hello everybody my name is Chris and
this is news in fire the show where I
talk to you about this week's gaming
console hacking and tech related news or
within the space of five minutes without
any further ado let's get on with the
news things can only get better from
here as I found out today the game
Australia has been forced to close 60 of
their 92 stores throughout Australia I
walked into my local retail today and
asked how things were going throughout
liquidation I was greeted with this
message and nearly brought to tears with
only 32 of games top retailing stores
left in Australia it looks like we're
gonna have to start collecting ebgames
carrots or thinking of business
elsewhere in PlayStation news the
exclusive game PlayStation all-stars
battle royale may be coming to the Vita
as well as the PlayStation 3 an
exclusive interview with the developers
had the question merely answered with
the sentence maybe stay tuned in Xbox
news here's hoping the Microsoft make a
good move with their next-gen console
the Xbox 720 rumors around the internet
state that the console may have skype
built into the operating system itself
with scopes functionality in mind here's
hoping the gamers will be able to voice
and video call their friends throughout
whatever they're doing on the console
now on to the weather looks pretty cold
outside I in the ways of PlayStation
hacking an alleged four point 11 custom
firmware has been released by mr.
jailbreak 619 if you do happen to see
this custom firmware floating around the
internet do not download and then for
some reason you do download it don't
install the PlayStation is potentially a
very expensive brick and if you install
the custom firmware that is what you'll
have an up-and-coming game releases we
have dust 514 for the playstation 3
being released in mid to late june we
also have resistance burning skies for
the PlayStation Vita being released in
early June and last but not least
Ratchet and Clank the HD trilogy
remastered in 1080p HD being released in
late June with all of this being said
this concludes today's episode of news
and five red subscribe do all the cool
stuff and don't forget to check out my
facebook twitter and google+ in the
description below you can also check out
my page design at the top of my youtube
homepage this has been another episode
of news in five four with only 30 20
games top retailing stores left in
Australia it looks like week and a half
no damn it cat it playstation beat it
then beat up playstation beat up
I'm carrots in Xbox news here's hoping
that nah fuck that was too high with
only 32 of EP ah dude did you write this
script this is stupid I'm leaving no I'm
just kidding there is no script